<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="c_android-studio">
  <title>About Eclipse Andmore</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--<indexterm></indexterm>--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Eclipse Andmore offers unsurpassed workflow ease and a unique integrated experience for developing
      Android applications. One installer brings you everything you need: from design to development to deployment on an
      Android handset to sales, with a focus on Motorola products. Eclipse Andmore saves you many steps so
      you can focus on creativity while maximizing productivity.</p>
    <p>Among the many features of Eclipse Andmore are:</p>
    <ul>
      <li><uicontrol>Native Development</uicontrol>: Build projects with native (C/C++) components, generate C/C++
        classes from native function declarations in your Java source files.</li>
      <li><b>Code Generation</b>: Automatically generate code to access UI widgets defined in your xml-based layout
        files.</li>
      <li><b>Device Management View</b>: Easily create and manage AVDs (Android Virtual Devices), and set AVD startup
        options using the Device Management view. Use this view to quickly launch an ADB shell or Emulator Console.</li>
      <li><b>Screen Capture</b>: From the Device Management view you can easily capture an image of the screen on a real
        or emulated device.</li>
      <li><b>Application Creation Wizards</b>: create essential classes simply and easily, including Broadcast Receiver,
        Content Provider, Service, and Activity.</li>
      <li><b>Drag and Drop Snippets</b>: add often-used code from templates for more stable and better performing
        applications.</li>
      <li><b>Application Signing</b>: create and import certificates to sign applications.</li>
      <li><b>Deploy Packages</b>: load your applications onto a target handset or emulator with just a few clicks.
        Easily export zip-aligned packages (signed or unsigned) compatible with Google Play.</li>
      <li><b>Eclipse Andmore Perspective</b>: displays the most common development views by default.</li>
      <li><b>Eclipse Andmore Database Perspective</b>: allows you to view and edit SQLite databases on developer handsets and
        emulated devices.</li>
      <li><b>Localization Files Editor</b>: helps you to create, translate, and manage localized strings files.</li>
    </ul>
  </conbody>
</concept>
